---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


## What did you do this past week?##
We started project 1 this week, so we went over how to set up for the project, and what steps we need to take to complete the project in the class. This is the first project of this class, so we had to set up some tools, such as docker and Travis CI, which will help us test our code. Other than that, we learned some new coding techniques in C++. To make our code more efficient, it is better to use ++i instead of  i++ since it does not make a copy when it returns the value. This is usually optimized by compiler in java and C, but since it is not always true in C++, we need to take care of that when we code. Another thing that is very different in C++ is that when we pass a parameter to a function, the value is copied twice by the compiler, so it is more efficient if we always receive the parameter as a pointer. 

## What's in my way?##
Although I can use all those tools we need for our first project, I still don’t know details about how they work and what is an efficient way to use them. I think the next thing I need to do after I finished first project is to play around with those tools such as docker, gcov, and Travis CI.

## What will you do next week?##
I have implemented the most inefficient code for the project 1, so I am going to do some optimization for my code. I also need to write some good tests to merge into our public test repository.

## Tip of the week##
When we want to set up a shared repository that many developers see and edit code, it is better to initialize it with argument "git --bare init" when doing "git init", since the bare server repository to keep the shared project.
