---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


## What did you do this past week?##
  This past week was a crazy week for me because I have left so much things(basically dues) to do. For SWE the collatz project was due this week, and it took much more time than I expected since it was hard to find the meta cache with the "right" interval. I did collatz project last semester in OOP and concepts didn't change that much this time so I thought I could finish in couple of hours. However the requirement for the output slightly changed, and that for running time also got more strict, which took me much more than couple of hours to finish the project.
## What's in your way?##
  The architecture class that I am taking this semester started to getting harder, and I am kind of lost where to start for the lab2. It requires a deep understanding of how system is handling the memory in order to figure out how to make a program perform as POOR as possible(which is a very interesting lab), and I already forgot everything from 429 so that is a probelm.
  
## What will you do next week?##
  I need to go back and pick up some basic stuff about cache and memory, which might also be helpful for Netflix project since it's also about dealing with a huge data(not gonna produce a better output, but can make it faster maybe?). I and my partner are gonna start on the project this week and finish it asap, since I can't underestimate the work load just because I have done a similar one in OOP.

## What's my experience of the class?##
  I missed class this week, which is not very good, so I am gonna try not to do this again(since I will be dropped out from the class!). Also it was great to have opportunity to hear talk from Bloomburg. We had same thing last semester too, but the stuff they are working on and their forcus had been slightly changing, which was very interesting to know. I beleive understanding how the demand of the world is changing, and how these big companies are trying to change according to that is a critical thing for becoming a good programmer.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?##
  As I was trying to figure out why a c program didn't produce the output I want, I found this paper talking about some bugs in gcc https://www.cs.utah.edu/~regehr/papers/emsoft08-preprint.pdf. It makes me realize again that a compiler is also a program that is written by human, and it can also contains a bug. I don't know if it is a "tip", but programming is a really complicated thing, and it's just so hard to make sure every thing is right. A program is always buggy.
