---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


## What did you do this past week?##
  This week I was mainly working on the Netflix project with my partner. In the class we learned an interesting way that makes it easier to write our unit tests, and also how tuples and arrays behave differently.

## What's in your way?##
  I am still not very clear every single details about what tuples will do and what array will do uder each circumstances, so that is one thing that I need to go over. Also, we have not figured out a way to reduce the RMSE we got for Netflix project under 1.00.

## What will you do next week?##
  We need to somehow figure out a way to reduce RMSE before the due on Thursday. We are going to look up how to use variance to make our pridiction better. Also we don't know what is a good way to test our cache file in unit tests, so need to ask TA about that during lab session.

## What's my experience of the class?##
  I kind of finding it hard to focus on the class sometime for some reason this past week. I think it's because some of the knowledge we went over in the class appear basic at first and I lost my tention, but in fact I am not fully understanding every detail. This is not very good, so I am going to try take notes during the class.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?##
  Using setup function in python unit tests are very good way to reduce a lot of work. 
  Also I realized that python is sometime a not very efficient language(probably because it's too friendly to user), so we need to be very careful how to write out code sometime, otherwise the program will get really slow. I think it worth looking through the compiler of python and see what it does sometime.
