---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


## What did you do this past week?##
  This week we mainly went over the detail about the collatz project. We got main idea how the collatz program works, and what each file does so that we will have a good idea when we start the project. I have completed the most stupid version of the code, and added a lazy cache optimizationt to it. It is passing the basic test cases so that's good.
  
## What's in your way?##
	The problem I have with the project is that the optimization I had is not fast enough so that it runs out of time when doing the online test. Also when running other students' black box tests, the program failes only for few inputs somehow.
  
## What will you do next week?##
  The first problem can be probably solved by implementing meta cache since it will boost up the spped. For the second problem I assume it's because I did not handle some overflow problem so that we have different output.

## What's my experience of the class?##
  It is very helpful that professor Downing goes over the detail about the project. However, it is somehow going too slow for me sometime(probably because I have done the similar project in oop though). I am pretty sure that it will get better, and I probably need to forcus on the class more.

## What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?##
  The for loop in Python is actually very cleaver, and using "_" as a variable name will just ignore it and it's very useful when you just want to execute the loop that many times. 
